---
layout: post
date:  2017-01-20 14:28:47 +0100
title: "Dok Gent"

team:
  - Ruuben Lambrechts
categorie: Web design, Web development, Responsive, PHP, Database
core: Responsive Web
online: https://invis.io/6BEBJ2FDH

cover-image: /assets/dok/cover-image-dok.jpg
header-image: /assets/dok/header-image-dok.jpg

screenshot1: /assets/dok/screenshot1-dok.jpg
screenshot2: /assets/dok/screenshot2-dok.jpg
screenshot3: /assets/dok/screenshot3-dok.jpg

brief: "DOK is an area in Ghent where different events and activities are held. We had to create a website for DOK, that showed all their activities and events. It had to be a responsive website, that showed all the info about DOK and where the user could filter the events from an overview."
---
When I started with the assignment, I wanted to try a whole different style for the design as I was used to do, I wanted to challenge myself to go out of my comfort zone and try something new. That's how I came up with a design with allot of shapes that supports the content and I used allot of colours instead of keeping it simple.

The first week I struggled with the structure of the design, how everything should be placed, what I would place on the home screen, and what should be on the detail page. When I knew what I would place where, I created wireframes for web and mobile and I build up the database.

As I started designing, I struggled with the new direction I wanted to take, everything 'screamed' to much for attention, and the structure didn't seem all right. So I made a couple different variations of the design until I was happy. The colours of the events were different depending on the location of where they were held. I placed the 2 next upcoming events on the home page, found a filter system that would work, and placed recommendations and the next similar event on the detail page of an event.

Transferring the design in code was a task that took me about 5 days. I came across different challenging parts where I really had to stop and think about how I should code them. I eventually finished the project, got everything to work nicely, and was happy that I took another direction. It was a challenging but fun project.

Sadly enough, the website doesn't work anymore because the school emptied the databases, and I have an error now. But I made an Invision mockup, so you can still see all the aspects of the website.
