---
layout: post
date:  2017-01-11 14:28:47 +0100
title: "orca game"

online: http://student.howest.be/wouter.landuydt/20162017/cod/game/
team:
  - Ruuben Lambrechts
  - Wouter Landuydt
  - Eva Jacobs
  - Chloë Devriese
categorie: Game development, Phaser
core: game development

cover-image: /assets/orca/cover-image-orca.jpg
header-image: /assets/orca/header-image-orca.jpg

brief: "For this assignment we had to create an online endless game, that get's harder the further you get, with a scoring system and a leaderboard with Phaser."
---
During the first week we started gathering assets and a concept for the game in a group of 2, when the concept was clear, we started coding the game. We (Me and Wouter) came up with a concept about an endless runner game, with enemies that spawn that you have to dodge or kill. But we didn't wanted you to be able to just press 'x' to shoot. We wanted to make it harder then that for the player. So we decided that you were given 2 random letters on the screen. To be able to fire, you had to press these letters simultaneously, every time you fired, the letters would be generated again. Making it harder and more challenging than a normal game. Also, the longer you played the game, the faster the enemies spawned.

We started to really make it our game, and loved every bit of it. But to all this came an end, we had to switch our  games in progress with another team, so we got the game of Eva and Chloë. It was a game about an orca, that had to dodge land and obstacles, get oxygen by jumping above sea-level in order not to die, and died when it hit the ground.

We added different power ups, created a live system so you don't die immediately when you hit an obstacle, made everything spawn faster the longer you played the game, did some improvements to the code and created a leaderboard system.
